I am also a few days a few
still a little more with these kind
statements at the airport of the
angels ana and he explained to us that it is not
true to marry the governor of
Chiapas on April 11 and as
He speculated if a little bit is all right
everything quiet happens to invite your ex
mates of rbd maite perroni sweet
yellow of course I hope your
work schedules are allowed
you came to buy last something happens the
things that do you for nothing I came to see
to my friends that came there and now that
you are with manuel as learned a little
more of the country this I do not know of the
sufferings of people
needs you would like to be next
seagull for example my love I am a
Mexican person and I think all the
Mexicans we know about our country not
it matters who we are with is not
important to be good citizens of
our country and the world because yes
Here we already have a guest at the wedding
The only thing I can tell you is that it gives me
I like to find the ones I'm happy
I'm fine thanks to God and that
I send a kiss this is really top
wants to have kids fast brooks I do not know
I just wait for God
we'll see how
I would like to go on honeymoon where
you want to travel anywhere in Chiapas
what I love is a beautiful state
I have to travel more thanks
you are spectacular and really that if
is entering the world politics
answer the questions perfectly
love is like that there is nothing more to say
now I am the person this man is
one thing that when they very much win and
so happy though very discreet very
I see that people can
transform that can change this
girl has been criticized for having a boyfriend
politician for hiding the date of
your wedding and so the wedding generated right now
April 11 gentlemen leave the tie at
end of the day she is happy I love
the attitude they have there I thank you
for being so cute and so special
answer all this that she for
true has tried to save the maximum
secret and continue to insist on several
means especially in the newspaper enough that
this wedding if you are going to perform on 11
April and Anna is confirming that
definitely the honeymoon is going to be
in Chiapas and now they are also
saying since the year is enough that juan
Gabriel is writing them a song
especially for them
for that date 1 that already has lyrics and
that he has two weeks left to be able
to finish the music does not go bad hey
I want to go see if julion alvarez is going to
play at the wedding because they say that July
Álvarez, the one who is going to be there, imagine yourself
you that the good one has been putting
some photos in Instagram that goes out
there with the gober and he says that
I love 2 or they invite something else that I
I found out that ana gabriel is going to sing the
ave maría a de maría that vonn the lord
said the mother-in-law of anahí in some
weeks ago when he confirmed that they have
open to say bird
damn good Hail Mary 's congratulations
they really have there we send you a kiss and
a hug you want is a fan of
program and we appreciate it very much